Fix the canonical chain is deleted (#675)
planetarium/libplanet: CHANGES.md

### Behavioral changes

### Bug fixes

>  -  Fixed a bug where the canonical chain would be deleted if block download

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  Fixed a bug where the canonical chain could be deleted if `Swarm<T>` failed
```

>     failed.  [[#675]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    to download blocks due to network connection.  [[#675]]
```
